h1. Scrambled

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

Recipes:
["apps4", "controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :apps4=>"rails-bootstrap", :database=>"default", :unit_test=>false, :integration=>false, :fixtures=>false, :frontend=>"bootstrap3", :email=>"none", :authentication=>false, :devise_modules=>false, :authorization=>false, :starter_app=>false, :form_builder=>"simple_form", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :templates=>"erb", :continuous_testing=>"none", :ban_spiders=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 4.0.2

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses Postgres with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: Test::Unit
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap 3.0 (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: None
* Authorization: None





h2. Deployment

This app is set up to deploy to heroku

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

@stlcubsfan

h2. License

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.
